c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\Assignment8.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\Assignment8.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\Assignment8.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\GD.BAL.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\GD.Entities.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\GD.BAL.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\GD.Entities.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\obj\Debug\Assignment8.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\obj\Debug\Assignment8.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\obj\Debug\Assignment8.pdb
C:\Users\arbab_000.HAIER-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\Assignment8.exe.config
C:\Users\arbab_000.HAIER-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\Assignment8.exe
C:\Users\arbab_000.HAIER-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\Assignment8.pdb
C:\Users\arbab_000.HAIER-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\GD.BAL.dll
C:\Users\arbab_000.HAIER-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\GD.Entities.dll
C:\Users\arbab_000.HAIER-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\GD.DAL.dll
C:\Users\arbab_000.HAIER-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\GD.BAL.pdb
C:\Users\arbab_000.HAIER-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\GD.Entities.pdb
C:\Users\arbab_000.HAIER-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\bin\Debug\GD.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\arbab_000.HAIER-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\obj\Debug\Assignment8.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\arbab_000.HAIER-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\obj\Debug\Assignment8.exe
C:\Users\arbab_000.HAIER-PC\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment8\Assignment8\obj\Debug\Assignment8.pdb
